

※Spoiler Warning.























【Presents Alice gives】
All of these items can be obtained during the game,
so please choose whichever one you prefer.

・Master Key      Opens any lock. Consumable.
・Life Ring       Increases MaxHP by a little bit.
・Candy           Maybe something nice will happen if you collect them…?
・Divine Blessing　Fully restores HP and MP. Consumable.




Parry　Negate physical attacks and counterattack. 
      However during parrying your defenses are greatly reduced.

Evade Completely avoid physical and magical hits.
      Debuffs, ailments and unavoidable attacks will still hit.






【Five Demonic Princesses】

Location:

・Princess Frog　   After defeating Helkaiser in fort Ivern go down 
                  from Great Wilhelm Bridge.
・Little Mermaid　  Bring Invitation to Atlantica from Snow White's
                  castle to Empty Beach.
・Rapunzel         On the top floor of Gothel's Tower.
・Snow White       Beyond Helsa Desert, in Show White's castle.
・Cinderella       In the Lost Empire(final dungeon).

Covenant Conditions:

・Princess Frog    Kiss. Drains Levels.
・Little Mermaid   Offer in sacrifice one of Lvl99+ companions.
・Rapunzel         Bring her desert rose which can be found in
                  Helsa Desert slightly above and to the left
				  from the oasis in it.
・Snow White       Kill Princess Frog, Little Mermaid and Rapunzel.
・Cinderella       Clear Izu's event and assume his form in Room
                  of Reminiscence, then talk with her.



【Ending Conditions】

End A  Defeat Cinderella at 0 sins with all heroines as 
       your companions(Red Hood not required).
End B  Defeat Cinderella(with not all of the above
       conditions fulfilled).
End C  Fill Alice's Library and defeat the last boss.
End D  Complete all requests of Baphomet.



【How to Kill Heroines】
Can be killed after being raped and imprisoned.
Alternatively, level to 99+ and stay together
in Poseidon Hotel.


Q. How to raise level?
A. Talk with the black rabbit in the Holy Forest.
   He'll raise the protagonist's level in exchange for souls.


Q. Where are the beasts Dorothy asks to kill?
A. Scarecrow is in Forest of Abandoned, Lion is in the warehouse
   right before Sewers, Tin Man is in Behemoth's Ranch.


Q. Where can I get Kraken's Tentacle.
A. Defeat Trashlord Kraken in Sea of Trash beyond 
   Forest of Abandoned.


Q. One of heroines doesn't become a companion.
A. Currently, those are the heroines that can:
   Leaf, Jeanne, Dorothy, Victoria, Elma, Goose, 
   Catherine, Miranda, Elisabeth, Red Hood.
   Only these 10.


Q. I want more souls.
A. Defeat the one who enjoys snacking on white rabbits 
   of Wonderland, Bandersnatch. He holds a ridiculous
   amount of souls.




















In this work too there's a hidden item which lets 
you glide through the game. In the Holy Forest on
the map with Prayer Master, examine the crack in
the house several times. There's a ring there which
doubles soul and item droprates.